Ah, have you come to f-f-f-fix the p-p-p-projector?
No, I'm here to bring it to rest.
In a way, yes.
What... are you?
(Leave)
The android stutters out broken mechanical speech: "I-I-I-I am Komsomolchik 1919, though m-m my-my service tag refers to me as "Nietzschka"."
I see... and that union, when was the last time they worked on it?
You c-c-cannot! Are you an approved mechanist?
That's good... the roof has leaked for 5632 days, and the motors are whirring badly! I tried to auto-report to the nearest union 4241 days ago, but there was no response until you arrived.
Approved by who?
The Mechanical L-l-l-abor Bureau...
There is no "Mechanical Labor Bureau"
That's not t-t-t-true.
... what year do you think this is?
The robot raises its tone, happy and assured of its correctness: "Nine-nine-nine-teen ninety one."
It's not.
(The android does not respond)
Look, I need to shut down that machine. Do you know how?
As a Komsomolchik I possess full a-b-b-b-b-ility to override all functions, but I am not at liberty to.
I-I-I cannot tell you, I have powered off intermittently during that time. I-I-I-I don't think they've worked on it since Filemon was repositioned.
Filemon?
And what if I shot you?
Yes! He maintained it w-w-w-well before he ran out of supplies. He told me to never let the p-p-projector fail until he came back.
Uh-huh, and why would that be? (You press your boot to the shoulder of the droid and jiggle it slightly)
I am under strict orders from Filemon!
I see. And is there anyway to override those "strict orders?".
I am not allowed to tell Planetarium Guests that info, but if you were to carry me to a r-r-r-repair-center and r-r-r-reset me, I could m-m-m-manually override the r-r-r-rotors.
Is there a screw I can turn to force you into that mode?
Only Mechanist Bureau members w-w-w-with specialization in h-h-human-technologik materials are authorized to do so!
Wait, Filemon, that name you mentioned sounds familiar. Okay, you better not weigh a lot. I'll get you going.
Wait, p-p-p-please don't shut off the planetarium.
Why?
It's my h-h-h-home...
Do you... want to stay here?
(The android does not respond.)
I'll carry you somewhere you can call home.
I-I-I would cease to function, as would the stars.
Okay then, give me a reason not to.
I suppose that would be cruel. You won't just turn it off for me will you?
Please... destruction of property... think of what you'll rob from us...
Like what, a barely working lightbulb?
This place is the d-d-dream of all who gaze.
I hold no sympathies for the dead past. (Exit)
Perhaps you have a point.
I cannot... your only option would be to hit the main breaker in the cryo-center, but please do not!
