...
...
Hello, Marie.
How do you... know my name?
You ask this every time. Well, that's fine. You're still alive right?
What do you mean by that?
There are multitudes to this place, sorry. That soldier you were talking to died ten years ago, so I'm not always sure.
He... was already dead?
He's within now. I guess his remains were still around, sometimes they do that. This tower's efficiency isn't what it once was.
This tower... I was in a tower before, how did I get here?
You're just seeing my own space. Though, even here I have trouble constructing a body.
So this is a projected-space, electrical?
I always like when you talk about things you don't know.
What?
"Projected-space", "electrical", whatever. You've been awake for how many hours now? When did you learn what any of those concepts are.
I have amnesia...
Of course, you always do; now try to answer, when did you learn about projected-spaces? What about the second union, Lenin, Pilsudzski.
I can't answer that, I just learned them at some point. Osmosis I... I think... what are you trying to say?
And yet, no info from after twenty years ago or so... you learned about the PSR today, didn't you?
I... what... I...
You can't remember; can you? When you learned this, or that, or anything? You just know it, right?
Stop.
I thought you'd learn something, that's all. But it seems you don't learn; only absorb what they feed you. You were born with it, you'll die with it.
I... can't remember...
I presume; do you think this is the first time we've had this conversation? I want to show you something. Something they didn't put into your brain before they dead-dropped you into a canal.
Dead-dropped...?
That's how they tend to do it, at least from what I've seen with these eyes.
Look around you, do you see those towers rising? That's how this city was made; construction ad infinitum.
Everyone outside this tower will become one with the city; no one will really try to stop it, some might figure it out. But people will incubate this tumor for comfort, until they quietly pass into the night.
This is already inevitable. But it's alright. You and me are similar, even if you've forgotten. I will hold onto your mind until the sun and stars are no more, until the void loses its name; \rwhen the waters are under the deep, you will find me there.
I... need to find the bunker; I...
Come to me in the real world. Find me in the hospital by the school. I will send you halfway there.
(Continue)
Do I scare you?
Fine then, what do I have to do?
You're an abomination to God.
Come down the vent by the entrance to this school behind me, not to my left. You will find me there. We can talk.
(Leave)
You've... come to me Marie...
Find what?
The train will take you to the pump station. When it's done, I'll reroute it to the outlands. You'll be able to live outside the city this way, and the bunker is out there.
Thank you.
When you arrive, there is an infection down there. The train is consumed and regurgitated forever. Fight through it, or you will be consumed along with it.
Understood...
You've... come to me Marie...
(End.)
You've... you don't know what you've done... my... I'm... fading...
Rest now.
What... are you?
The same as everything else here. Maybe we're not too different.
You're a hallucination... you're just something created through the counterweights magnetism...
No, this one is real. As real as this city you're in.
You... are the building?
Alternative 5. This city is dying, Marie. Help me, and I'll send you towards the truth you seek.
It's not what you'll do just for me, but for yourself. Come to my real form, and I'll show you what we must do.
How do I find you?
Enough talk, I need to find the bunker. What do you want from me?
Calm yourself, Marie. This tower amalgamates the dead, it was built to aid in reconstruction after the calamity. But it's been cut off, the valve-system beneath has been shut down by a cleanup crew.
Why did they shut it down?
We are an international mistake, Marie. There is an old test-rail Metro beneath this building. Take the elevator behind me, you will find it there.
Let me out of this hellhole, I'm not your doll.
No, more like a sister.
We have nothing in common.
I'd beg you to change your mind, but it's not the first time you've said this. Some things are deterministic, and so will be our next meeting.
Tell me then, "sister", where is the bunker?
Take... the train behind me... it will lead you to the outskirts, the desert... the entrance is in the Kryovoivodate deep beneath the Earth...
Goodbye... Marie... it was fun....
