I knew from the minute I saw you, that you were something special you know.
I thought you were a propaganda artist, Tito.
I am that on some PSR payment slip somewhere, and I'm a lot more than that elsewhere.
Then let's get down to business, woman of many jobs.
Have you done as tasked?
I completed my task.
I want to know more about the targets.
Why are we doing this?
What was I doing again?
Nevermind
Eh? But... data shows you've not... done anything... what? Go back out there... come on, Marie, I expected more.
(Leave)
Good work, mercenary.
(Continue)
(The girl you murdered stands before you)
Didn't I kill you?
Ah! A ghost!
Seems you have another body, eh? No hard feelings?
You're a horrible shot.
Ow! Ow! (The woman covers her ear implants). You're loud when you do that!
Sorry.
You missed a lot of your shots, and these things are expected for people in my field. No hard feelings.
What's to know? Typical minor players in a major conflict. Pawns of things that are larger.
How are the PSR pawns?
How are the revolutionaries pawns?
They filled a power vacuum and proclaimed it an empire. They are more like the mongol hordes than they are the Polish Lithuanians they so idolize.
How so?
Because they have no plan, no real functioning system to take over once the spoils of their war chest run out. They took lands quick, and well, sure. But can that support the peasants?
So you think that the PSR will only last a short while longer?
Yes, and we intend to make that shorter. The PSR is overstretched, and under thought. It will crumble into less than the sum of its parts, and those parts will fall under the influence of the powers once again.
The powers?
Isn't it presumptuous to assume everything will return to normal?
Not really, who else is going to take that power? Poland will become a vassal of the United States, and of the European Unions. And they will be better off that way.
The global unions, such as the Second Union and the EU with the US support.
But what if the second union seizes this area?
Then we'll have our border a bit closer to Germany than we expected. And all that means is we really did go back to normal.
Gee, how could a group armed with pact weaponry espousing the ideology of commissars be pawns? Looks natural to me!
What happens if they win?
Status quo "SSR"'s arise, and they support the lovely chairman. They do not fight for anything more than their own slavery.
And what happens if they get subverted?
What, as in they stop following orders? The same thing that happened to the black and green armies. Or to the Spanish non-Republicans. They find lead in their brain.
We need you to collect a PDA containing orders from the Second Union to Commissar Dyatlov of the revolutionaries. We also need you to put a bug into the central computer of the PSR's nuclear reactor. Report here when done.
To free mankind from warlords and ideologically driven madmen.
By spying on Poles and deluded Russians?
Information is power, Marie. That information gives us the ability to protect them.
