Welcome, girl, I've been told you're looking for things that eyes oft not see. The red underground has eyes that may yet help.
I am, but it's not going to be free is it?
(Leave)
Yes, you are astute.
So, is your work done?
Yeah
Good job, we will work together again.
(Leave)
Welcome, girl. I take it you're the blue eyed lass that shot four soldiers to defend my men?
Yeah, why?
Well, we take care of our own here. You've done us a great service. We've been trying to push the Poles out for weeks. What can I do for you? Or, rather, what do you want from us? No one works for free.
I'm looking for a bunker.
Tell me about it. This city is a tomb of hellfire-resistant catacombs, I'll need... specifics.
It's advanced, and well hidden. If someone found it, they'd talk about it. It would be bragged of, or spoken in hushed tongues.
Come to think about it, I've heard murmurs of... something like that, from some... associates. But, the information will cost you more than the lives of a few of my men. This is... the sort of thing that was for "my eyes only".
Name your price.
You're to the point, I like that. I like you, truly. Charming thing you are, if only you weren't built for murder I might call you cute. The job is simple, we need you to convince Jakub Francizsek, the leader of the local ethnic gang of Byelorussians, of our cause! Ah-haha.
And how should that be done?
Without bloodshed. We need him alive, and for his men to accept us. He protects the local population, used to be a mob man, but they've not made their choice yet between the fascists and us. We want you to help them choose. Not to scrape his blood off the wall.
I see.
A good place to start would be the barman at the local pisshole. I hear he's had dealings with the guy.
(Leave)
........
Jakub is dead
... why?
I killed him.
Then you have failed us, in every way. Leave.
(Listen to him and leave...)
And the bunker?
Get on the next train, it's going to another district. You'll be looking for a commissar Dyatlov. He is head of information there; if there is something to know he knows it. I'll put in a good word for you.
So, is your work done?
Not yet.
