Did that thing send you?
I'll help you.
Whatever you say, lunatic.
Okay, head on down there: I'll see you at the bottom and show you the way. You handle anything with range, I'll handle what's up close. Stay away from me when it gets hot, fire doesn't choose friends.
(Continue)
It's over.. it's finally over...
Did we really need to burn it? I feel bad for it.
Let's go, come on.
(Leave)
Don't. If you let yourself feel empathy, you'll lose your resolve. If we had let it live, it would have consumed the whole system. Maybe it would have created more abominations cursed to live, we put it out of its suffering.
Perhaps. What will you do now?
I don't know; I've lost my job and everyone thinks I'm mad. God will show me the way. What I do know is if one of these existed, more must exist. I can prove to the PSR and others that it was real now, maybe I'll go where the wind blows me. Fresh air is good for a flame.
You'll search for more of them?
And anything else abominable. I'll burn all of it.
And what about the entrance to the club?
The creatures flesh has burned away. The door is open through it now. Go through the tunnel upwards and you'll find yourself in "The Pit". There's a model train room in there, if you hit the button there it will activate that train you need.
Wiill you come with me?
(Leave)
You want help burning through the guards up there? Hmm.
You hate abominations, don't you? Surely that club is one.
You're right. I'll do it. Let's go.
(Leave)
Woah, calm down, lower the flamethrower.
I asked you a question.
Well the answer is no. What are you talking about?
Heap on wood, kindle the fire, consume the flesh, and spice it well, and let the bones be burned. There is a being down there, no one believes me. I saw it grow from some kind of polyp to what it is now, it can't be allowed to live.
Where?
In the sewer, blocking access to the club.
... to the club, huh?
I'm going to kill it tonight, Lord Willing.
Why?
Because it's an abomination to God. I could have stopped it when it was young but I didn't. It stalked me through the tunnels, it found out my name. The others never came back; I did. Got blamed on some topielecs but I knew what I saw. It never hurt me though, it said it loved me. I won't suffer it to live any longer.
