Slide on over, honey, how'd you get in here?
Tell me about trains.
Do you have any interesting facts for me?
I heard you run the rail network, and I need to redirect to the Kryo-voivodate.
What is this place?
You know those two masked chicks?
(Close)
....................
I found my way in, do I look so out of place?
No, but I have a memory for faces, and I know I'd remember yours. Well, it's no use prevaricating about the bush. What's your business in my effervescent presence?
The Zastal 410D out in the yard? I like that one a lot, it glimmers under moonlight in tracks of abuse.
The Zast- what?
Zastal 410D's carry the majority of freight in Poland, sweetheart, the world you live in was built on the infinite fractal of those diesel engines.
So the tr-
Zastal 410D.
... the Zastal 410D, I need it running again. It's stopped.
Hmm, yes, yes it is. That's how it works: You arrived, I choose if you leave. I have logistics, you have nothing, so let's not kid ourselves dear; what's your offer?
How far can you get me?
I can't get you to the Kryo-voivodate, but I can get you to Domkulturigrad. See, the rail is automated, and on a local loop. The junction to the Kryo-voivodate is busted down, though, I know old rail engineers in Domkulturigrad and Factory29 beyond it are still around. You probably need to find them.
I see, but you can get me at least a few miles further? What do you need.
Well, now you're talking my language. Sing me more poems, girl: I talked logistics before, you see... I control the rails, I choose what comes in and out of the city. The PSR can make drugs and love illegal, but if they enforce it? I make their trains go away. This is where you come in.
You want more power.
No, I want the source of it. There's a holdout of the old bureaucracy, buncha' oldhead fogies running the water purification plant. But they're running on fumes, they don't understand capital. I want to bring their workers some free market.
So you want me to take down the water-plant?
I want you to blow the Purification Plants balast and drain the reservoir. It's simple: Get in, overload the three valves in the main room, and then take the elevator to the control tower. You'll be able to activate the emergency drain there; and I'll help you on your way.
Tell me about trains (Infinite)
I've blown the ballast.
What did you want me to do again?
What is this place?
You know those two masked chicks?
(Close)
Oh come on, don't try to pull a fast-one on me, dear.
Hahahah! Good fucking work! God, I heard the explosion from here. What a fireworks show. I'll go activate the rails for you, sweetheart, just board it and I'll send you on your way.
Thanks.
And how do I get there?
Try the sewers, there's a round tower to the left of the club. That's one way. I know there's others.
Musika Automata, finest club East of the Thames. You like it?
It's okay.
Pfft, high standards? Man, find me a better place. Huh? Yeah. You can't.
Yeah, heh, you could say that.
What's their deal?
Oh everything. I met them on the net when I was kitsch, they made me who I am.
