The woman before you is strange and bubbly in her body language, there is a deep excitement and a deep calm here held in equal parts. She is asian, probably, though not like the Siberians you've seen.
What does that mean?
What is a "Dream Fountain"?
I'm not Irish...
"Hehehe, it means you've come home silly. It's "Welcome", in Japanese. Sort of."
(Continue)
"Irasshaimase, welcome to the dream fountain..."
(Japanese noises)
W-what?
"Ah... hahaha... sorry, sorry, I just was wondering... aaah etooo aaaaah what is Irish."
I don't know, I'm not though. I don't know why you said I was.
"I did not say you are a Irish, what is Irish, I said aaaah "Welcome to my store""
This is a store?
This place, it is special. The life energy here, it flows! You can feel the joy here, it sparks the soul, and here we can tell you more about yourself than you know.
Well, that wouldn't be difficult. I know very little about myself.
For a fee, right?
"Only what you can pay! But a small donation is fair for being part of the process that heals this Earth, no?"
Would you do one for free?
"But of course! It's the love that matters, the healing, not the money. We were given this place by a true kindred anyway, so we don't have to worry much about the rent."
Who funds you?
The girl giggles. "Indriiiid, Mr. Cold. He always blushes around us, but we could see into his soul so deep. He's not as violent as he wants you to believe, he cares for the whole Earth. He gave us this whole place."
"Oh, even if you did we could help! We can feel the strands that bind, you know. I can see how heavy your soul is, we can help you. Do you believe in psychics, little lost thing?"
I mean, I suppose they could be real.
No.
"Well then, think about a color."
(Red)
(Blue)
(Green)
"Your color is... blue!"
"Your color is... Green!"
"Your color is... Red!"
It wasn't...
"Well then, think about a color."
(Red)
(Blue)
(Green)
"Your color is... Red!"
"Your color is... Blue!"
"Your color is... Green!"
Well what does that prove?
"Hmm... how about this then? You have had one hell of a day, your favorite musician is Cocteau Twins, and you wish your neighbour would stop watching yaoi."
W-what, how.
The girl giggles again. "First ones free!"
"Ah... etooo ah let's try again?"
I mean I'd rather not.
"Well... we could do a seance then, I know your type. A grimfaced man came through here earlier, bad omens! I could feel his death coming, but he wouldn't listen."
Well you were probably just worrying him I imagine!
I see...
(The girl giggles.)
Look, I need to get to Kryo-voivodate. Do you know who is in charge of the trains here?
(The girl giggles again) Well that would be Indrid of course, silly. He knows all about trains; whenever I read his mind all I see are rails crossing the world as distant lovers do.
And... where can he be found?
In the Musika Automata, silly, but you won't get in I'm afraid.
And why is that?
No club-pass-desu. Though, we cooould get you one, if you really need to speak to Mr. Cold.
I'm not psychic but I predict it's not free.
Wow! You have talent, Marie. There's a girl who arrived recently, a herpetologist who has tried to cut into our work of healing the planet. She's become a pain to those with good-souls, we need her to... pack up shop.
And then I'll get my clubpass?
Yes! But... it must look like an accident. We've already come up with a plan though... on the table behind us, please grab a sample of our pet frogs eggs. No one will question her death if they think she breathed them in!
Breathed... them in? You want me to aerosolize frog-eggs? Aren't they a bit big for that, do you think they'll grow in her lungs or something?
Well... she sells frogs! No one would question it....
... why not cyanide? Or botulinum? Or just polonium?
Hmm, no, no, not auspicious to poison her. We must align with the chakras, growing tadpoles within her lungs will create life, not death, we do not kill!
Look, if I come back here and she's dead, will you give me a club pass?
Mmmm... mmmm.... we predict you will succeed. We also predict you will grab the sample of frog eggs off the table behind us before you go. (She turns to her sister and smiles)
Okay, fine, I'll be back in a while. Where is she?
Take the lift that's on the second floor of this mall-desu, you'll see a big sign that says "Lift!", like a bird! Her apartment is at the end of the hall.
What did you want me to do again?
Can you do another prediction on me?
Tell me more about this place.
Tell me more about Indrid.
(Leave)
But that's... retarded, the lungs aren't just an empty cavity.
It must be this way.
The Herpetologist is dealth with.
Can you do another prediction on me?
Tell me more about this place.
Tell me more about Indrid.
(Leave)
Good work! Yes yes yes! Arigato, Marie-chan! Thank you! Aaaah right, yes, here! Your pass...
Yeah. I'll uh, stop by again sometime. Thanks.
Welcome back, is she dealt with?
Welcome back, is she dealt with?
Hmm, we can read your mind you know... you haven't...
I heard those gunshots! I saw red! You killed her! You killed her! I told you not to kill her! We said not, the chakras are misaligned now!
Who cares? She would have died anyway.
I-it was just meant to be a prank, a prank; everyone knows you can't breathe in frog eggs!
Look, you two will be next if you don't pay up. I've had a hard day and I feel like making yours difficult too.
Kowai... kowai... fine, just take it, I don't care.
