A man is in front of you, armed with a sword and a concerning grin. He smells like cigarettes and shell casings, his clothing is tattered and charred. Most shocking of his features is his youth, with a young man's face uncharacteristically scarred.
I... could use a drink after the day I've had.
Is that some kind of pick up line?
(Pretend you did not see him)
"Care for a drink? It's good stuff, I assure you."
(Continue)
"Pfft, no. I'm just bored, and I can recognize the same in others."
Who says I'm bored?!
Perhaps you read my mind, now tell me what color I'm thinking of.
"Come on now, no need for hostility. Just have a shot with me, I can tell you've had a hell of a day."
That's none of your business!
Perhaps just one...
The man pours you a shot, and one for himself. He gestures with his hand towards it, and makes a frankly bizarre facial expression.\n"Come on, it's on the house."
"Hahaha, I don't believe in that kind of stuff. Some hackjobs back in the waterworks tried to tell me my future, wore dumb little moon masks and surrounded themselves with totems. They told me I was going to die in the next twenty four hours, I told them to give me my money back."
You paid them?
"Well, no I didn't actually. I just said that because it sounded funnier, you know how it is. They actually ran up to me when I was visiting some scummy western club, they went ballistic! Told me this and that, oh you're going to die! Some cokehead in glasses came and ushered them away."
I mean, you never know. What if they're right?
"Okay! Okay! I get it, really bad day. But come on, talk with me a moment. I know how it is you know, I've had a hell of a day myself."
And why would that be?
"Oh this and that, haven't you seen the wanted posters?"
"Then they're right, no skin off my back. Statistically, those sorts of things do happen."
Or perhaps they're psychic, who knows.
Oh don't start me with that garbage. You look smarter than that.
Nah, I'm dumber, believe it.
You're awful pretentious towards a person you've never spoken to.
What else do I have to do? I'm bored, you look interesting.
There is nothing on Earth that annoys me more than self-deprecation. Have some confidence, girl, if I wanted to insult you I would.
Whatever.
Then do it.
Hah, and why would that be?
Because I'm bored, retard.
And why is that?
I'm addicted to hard drugs, several kind, and I can't go five minutes with them.
What?
I'm joking.
The joke didn't land.
I suppose your parents said the same when they kicked you off a balcony and you floated.
What?
I... the joke is that if your parents were to kick you off a balcony, right, and you did not fall, you're uh... the joke, because you did not land.
Eventually I'd land... I wouldn't float forever.
For fucks... I mean yes, obviously, you would not infinitely fly, it's a joke.
I didn't get it.
(The man stares at you, looks down at his blade, stares at his vodka, then looks back)
You know when you explain the joke it ceases to be funny, right?
Yeah, I suppose.
Do you wait around all day thinking these things up?
Well, as I said, I'm bored.
Then tell me why you're bored.
Oh for... well, there's nothing here, just worshippers of the dead. I venerate them, but I want to revive them, not just worship them.
Well then, tell me why you're here?
(The man stares at you, thinking his slight glances at his vodka are unnoticed.)
You really want that?
If you're capable.
Your clothes are filthy, your hair is a hornets nest, your augments are obvious, and frankly I'm unsure if you even started as a person. If you did, you certainly don't count as one legally or morally anymore.
And you look like you crawled out of a swamp, you smell like ass, and you look like one too.
Why would you say that about me?
Oooh, that hurts! I'm crying, I'm going to kill myself right now in fact, hand me a pistol would you? (The man laughs hardily). I like you, you're certainly a woman but you have some bite.
You asked me to, sorry.
So this is it, huh?
You sound almost disappointed.
You've been talking to the Poles, I saw you enter; what do you want?
They have an offer.
Oooh an offer from the Poles! I'm so excited, spare me. What is it?
They're offering a copy of your chart in exchange for info, and a call off of the raid.
So... you've come. You're too late, I've seen the truth. I have what I need.
A name?
No, truth.
It's just a name.
It's history, and it's power.
Stolen valor won't give you a future, Iskander.
What future have you created?
I can ask you the same; what do you want, to just kill more people? In the name of a family you murdered?
What future?
Don't test me, Pole, I killed reprobates. I killed people who forgot their past. I cleansed stains which had no future.
If the future is built on this; it's no better than the past.
Your future ends here anyway.
As does yours.
So then, come, earn your paycheque; die beneath the same statues your ancestors did.
(Leave)
A future in which the child cannot be left in the field to die because his ancestors failed him. A future in which we remember why the decadent generations failed, and sharpen our edge upon the fringe of the grindstone.
And a name will give you that?
It already has.
How?
Some already follow me for that name, reach for it, like a star. They will follow me to Moscow and grow, raising their fists to the air.
Moscow, huh? A series of craters in the ground is your Mecca?
I am not so small in vision. When Moscow falls the Second Union will follow, and the worker will finally be free. I will undo the past, I will destroy the fake bastards that broke what my blood built. First, Moscow. Then, the international.
Hahahah! Did you see how his head rolled? My lord.
Don't get too pleased with yourself, I still need my way out.
Well you're in luck. You need to switch the junction, right? Kryo-something something. I'll switch the junction here, but there's one more; in the factory the Poles have taken.
And will the train get me there?
Of course! It's where I'm off to next.
It is now...? I'd rather go alone, I don't need your help.
Oh don't be that way; we have a similar goal here. Tell me girl, do you believe that factory would be so heavily garrisoned if it weren't for it having deeper purpose? And do you think those rigid bastards will help you?
What's your goal?
Manpower. There is a bio-conversion and augmentation laboratory hidden in those silos. Horrors occurred there, but its remnants are ripe for the taking. I need an army and there is one waiting.
(Continue)
There is a labworker, Irena, in control of a large number of half-converted corpses. I want them for my own needs. She's ready to turn on the PSR, but my name and face are ruined around there. Help me locate her and she can get you to the Kryovoivodate. Sound like a deal?
I'll consider it.
Well, I am no liar; your train will be here in a few seconds, and I've switched the first junction. If you wish to aid me, run to the right of the stop at the factory. There is a tower there, you can reach it by the support beams.
I'm searching for something. Just a little archive in this artist town.
Why would an artist town have an archive?
Because it's been censored everywhere else. There's a man I'm working for, he's been... misplaced. His troops aren't following him anymore, and I need to find proof of his bloodline. But! His bloodline isn't... so respected anymore. I figured this may be the last place with a geneological chart.
And what would one of those look like?
I have one on the table, looks like that, but as you can see this one is all blotted out. I need a pure one. This town still worships the old ways, fools, but useful for me. There is an art installation in the university, but no one is allowed to enter, not even the PSR.
You could say I'm searching for something here too. I need to get to the Kryovoivodate. Do you know where the junction switch is?
Yes I... I may actually know about that. I have the keycard to the stations junction controller. There are two; one here, one in the factory. Hahaha! Seems we can help eachother.
How do I get that key off you?
Well, find a way into the university; there is supposedly a room in there, the Hall of the Unborn moon. Find it, I'll meet you there, and you'll have your way out.
Understood.
Why are you wanted?
I murdered my entire family. In another country though, so that's not why I'm wanted.
Is that a... is that a joke?
You decide.
Why?
Oh you know, politics. Why look at me that way? I'm being honest... aren't I?
Well how am I supposed to do that?
This town.... is secretive. I can't get in because I'm not part of their stupid cult; I don't worship Gagarin or the Chairman. But you can be useful to me. Get initiated and they'll likely let you in. Ask around, see if you can find members. I'd try the university building behind me, the waiting room there.
No, in awe. I searched far and wide for this, Marie. I... I really did wipe the other names from this chart, didn't I?
What's done is done.
No, you think I regret it; I don't. I stand as its last vestige.
Well, what will you do now?
Bloodshed. Ahhahah, you know? You really helped me. From here, I, we, can make this world right.
I just want that keycard, remember that.
Let me enjoy this momen- wait, do you hear that?
What-
And where would it be?
The Hall of the Unborn moon, the way is unlocked.
Maybe I've already seen it, and maybe you won't like what it says.
Why don't you go back and tell them I'll... consider, but need some time.
Fine.
Hah! And why wouldn't I?
Because of what it says.
And what would that be?
Who knows...?
Are you saying I'm not on it?
Perhaps.
Prove it.
Give me some time and I will.
Well? Have you proven it? Or are you just lying.
Here, look. (Present falsified Geneology Chart)
I can't. But their offer is this: The Hall of the Unborn moon, the way is unlocked.
Give me more time (Leave)
You have nothing. Bring me a chart or I won't believe.
No... I... it must be fake, that can't be real ahahah!
Check the stampings. You've been fed a lie.
No no no, it's fake it's... it's fake.
Faith in a false God is deflating, isn't it?
Leave, just get out of here. Here, take the keycard to the junction system. I never want to see you again.
(leave)
What is this? Did you... kill the Commissar here? Ahhaha! What a good friend you are.
(Leave)
So you've shown up. Good to see you.
And the same to you. What's next?
Follow these tunnels, you'll find Irena Kazimierz in the laboratory. This rotten fruit has a core of secrecy; the Poles are in a "moral" conflict about the corpses left here; they're dead! They want to complain about the treatment of the dead! Dumb zealots.
(Continue)
Irena has been in contact with our cell for a long time. She doesn't care who she works for as long as the lights stay on; well, I can keep the lights on. Her sister is dying, this makes her weak. But I am a philanthropist, if she provides me what I desire I'll pay back.
And what is that?
An army. What she has is the skills and the "material" to arm me. A hundred and more ready bodies, willing and programmed to be put into war machines or to hold onto them. Rifles in the hands of the dead, reaching for a future. It's tragic, but it will give me what I need.
I see. And what's in it for me?
Well, she also controls that rail switch. Follow me, and you'll get to your Kryovoivodate.
(Leave)
How do I open the door?
There is probably a switch at the bottom of this tower.
Get going, would you?
(Leave)
Your sister is dying; Irena. I've already seen the reports on this facility... and don't play coy, last names tell all. Good work diverting funds to keeping her alive, you made good use of her dreams. Very interesting, "projected reality for cosmos colonization simulation"? Heh, even you are a cynic towards poor poor Kalina.
(Continue)
Well, I'll tell you the Catholic church won't mind you keeping her alive; but an unstable horde-military will. The Poles have no interest in what you're doing, I do. I need soldiers, and access to the colonization bunker. I need to see some things for myself, and I require a fighting force. You give me troops and access to augmentation, and your sister is given every resource I can muster. It will keep the lights on, yeah?
(Continue)
Aleksandr Dzhugashvili. But I go by Iskander; the name is no lie, and I have the bloodline to prove it.
(Continue)
Oh, you read the news. Well the way I see it is you have the choice between a truthful murderer, and lying ones. What I can promise you is what I've laid on the table; infrastructure, a repeated customer, and full support as long as you do your job. And as a truthful murderer I'll let you know as well; if you refuse? I'll cut your sisters life-support right now, and shove you into the fishtank you call a life support unit. I'll use you to generate the colony sims data, and I'll get what I want to at least some degree.
(Continue)
Hahahah! What a treat. I finish off the soldiers in the plant, and what do I find? You've taken on an MI-24 all on your own. Good work. Come to me. We will see what the truth of this world is, and I'll send you on your way after.
(Continue)
Do you know what this place is, Marie?
I picked up enough. A colony sim?
Yes, and a test for the future. This was the basis of lunar colonization efforts, everything was born from this. The sky here is a massive projector fed constant data by a bio-computer, the comatose Kazimierz sister was cannibalized for this. Do you know what happened to Yuri Gagarin?
He died in a planecrash.
He failed as a man. He drank himself into a stupor and fell from the heavens. I don't... ever want this for myself, or for anyone else. In the Second Union we are all promised these stars, our birthright as workers. It's what every man lives and dies for, the Astral Soviet. I've come here to see the truth.
You won't gain any truths from a projection. How can you know it's not a lie too?
Ironically for myself, faith I suppose. But I checked the records and spoke with Irena. The sky behind us was last projected twenty years ago; it's out of date. No one on Earth has seen a clear sky in that long too, no one knows what's up there.
(Continue)
Kalina! Activate current projection, current time, atmosphere clear, real state!
(Continue)
The moon... it's destroyed. I... it's really gone, huh? It was all a lie.
There... were people up there?
I have to... assume so. They said so, and it was clearly a target. It's... funny to think, isn't it? I guess I'll never see it, will I?
No one will, I suppose.
You know, I already knew this? I read reports; I just wanted to confirm it, it was cynical, I wanted the proof for propaganda. But I... I suppose I never accepted it. I never really believed it, maybe I wanted to prove it to myself too.
It still hurts you.
Nothing hurts me, Marie. But I... I don't know. I still remember being promised to see it someday as a child, if I worked hard enough, strived hard enough. Maybe it does sting.
Even if it was all propaganda, you still believed it a little didn't you?
Don't say that. We all have to believe in something, even if it's not true. Well, now I have something to show people that is truth, that is painful truth. No one will forgive Moscow for this lie.
It sounds like you're talking about yourself as much as them.
Whatever. Whatever you want to think, I don't care.
You care.
Believe what you want. It's all nothingness to me, it's just proof.
I will believe what I want to.
I'll figure out... what to do, I suppose. I can call you a tram from here to the Kryo-voivodate. It turns out that this place has a direct line there, to the surface. Even if you insult me, Marie, you... did help me. Maybe I'm soft from all this, but I don't feel a desire to kill you. Get out of here, take the coming tram. Good luck wherever you go, maybe I'll see you in Moscow someday.
Goodbye, Iskander... God bless.
God bless? You... For... you know what? God bless you too, Marie.
(Leave)
