(Before you lies a bloodied, dirtied set of leather rags vaguely reminiscent of what a mother may have once called a man. )
Who?
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, and it's time for my reward (Attack)
Don't play stupid, we're both Polish. Just let me say my goodbyes first, you can give me at least that.
I appreciate the honesty. Would you give me a few before you do it? It's not like I'm much of a threat to you. (The man shows you a nasty, bloody stomach wound)
Ah, so they've sent you to end me I take it?
.......
No, I don't have that sort of time. (Attack)
What do you need time for?
There's no one else here.
Why are you so willing to give up?
I really don't know what you mean.
Maybe not to your eyes, but she's there for me.
It's the end of the line. I failed, but that's fine. God's decided i'm out of time, and I'm thankful that at least I still have her. She's right beside you, right now.
Swear to God?
No, I'm here to kill you.
I swear to God.
Are you seeing things?
Do you mean that metaphorically?
Enough with your mad ramblings.
There's no one there.
What did you fail?
I'm seeing many things, girl. And all of them are real.
No.
Then kill me if you're tired of them, retard.
And what are they?
I guess I will.
No, I want to hear more.
So you're leaving me to die slowly for your own amusement, huh? If you're not going to shoot me then just go away. The job will finish itself momentarily.
So you'd rather die than keep talking to me?
I'd rather die than be a slave to anothers whims. I came here to expire with some grace, I at least tried to do something before I entered this sorry state. Would you like to die in a zoo?
No, I wouldn't.
That's an insane outlook. You have only one life and you'd give it away just to not have to serve a purpose?
I think you've misinterpretted interest in your state for sadism.
Then you understand me. Kill me or leave, you can at least give a fellow Pole that.
Can you at least tell me how this happened to you first?
My purpose was not defined by men in a board room, or armed agents like you press-ganging me into the grave. I already tried to complete my purpose.
What's the difference? If you really cared about me or what I have to say, you'd not be here with a gun. Stop lying to me, if you're here to kill me then get it over with.
And what was that purpose?
Chemicals and signals projecting onto the azure rain the woman I once loved. She is there, within and without. It is the last gift she ever gave me.
If no one can see her what does it matter? You're interacting with a hallucination.
Why do other people matter? She's real to me, generated by my mind or not.
She can't give you children.
You can't prove anything is real that way. It's unscientific.
In your mind, or stored in a drive-unit?
Do you think I'm in any state to be thinking about that?
You being alive is unscientific. The signals you run on don't even make sense, your augmentations run on electricity projected through a scape we fail to grasp.
But they are observable.
Your brains blown out on the street would be observable too.
She's laying down now, her eyes are the color of rain. She speaks too.
And what does she say?
"Goodnight"
.........
I have her in there, that's what matters. I could have given her more, but I'm fine dying having tried. We'll live our final moments together.
What does she look like?
Blue eyes, rain, white hair.
And what is she doing?
(The man has died. From beneath his mask and the lines of his eyes, you can see he is at peace.)
(Leave)
Then I guess neither of us will leave this place.
.........
To say some goodbyes.
There's no one here.
Lying to a dying man seems below you. Tell me, why are you here?
I'm just an explorer.
I see.
You're going to bleed out.
Why do people want you dead?
Well, to desert my comrades properly. And to do so without hurting them, they think I'm a traitor. They don't know why I did it.
I failed to desert my comrades properly. And to do so without hurting them, they think I'm a traitor. They don't know why I did it.
Yes, I am. I took a thirty caliber to the stomach. It's grim, but I don't blame them for what they did.
If you didn't mean to hurt them, why did you desert?
"Ideological differences", in the form of my discovery of much treachery. Love made me do it, let's put it that way.
How pathetic would you have to be to hurt your friends at the whim of a woman?
What treachery?
Traitors are worth less than an enemy.
Do you want to die?
No, but I accept it. I'd need a lot of medical supplies to survive.
And if someone forced those supplies upon you, would you reluctantly rise from this stupor?
Perhaps. But I am being beckoned elsewhere, a sweet voice is rocking me to sleep.
To expose treachery, and to give a legacy to her. She wanted me to not let her soul fade away, and I did what I had to do. Now we're one.
.........
You return.
I've brought medical supplies
(Leave)
Don't lie to a dying man. It's unbecoming.
...
You've... why have you done this for me? Why do you want me to live?
I saw no reason to let you die.
You are... a kind soul. I will repay you for this. Take the rifle beside me. It is a good gun.
Where will you go from here?
(Leave)
Who knows? I am still a wanted man, and I still have a goal in mind. If I survive this, I will keep moving towards that. It is no life if I am a slave.
Let's meet again someday. God bless you.
......
There are things in this city that no one was meant to see. It is an abomination. I fell in love with a specter of the concrete, and by my own hands I was forced by my masters to end her life. I will no longer accept a master.
I'm aware.
(It stares at you, with cold blue ice for eyes, shuddering like a stuck dog. These are not the eyes of the faun, but of the fox that has met its fate.)
.........
(Before you can say anything else, the man begins to shudder and convulse. He lets out not a sound but a slight chuckle at the end of this.)
..........
(Before you lies a bloodied, dirtied set of leather rags vaguely reminiscent of what a mother may have once called a man. )
You are Kacper, aren't you?
He sent you, didn't he?
