(You stand before a being so many times your size, it rumbles with electricity and old motors.)
(Continue)
It begins to speak. Low rumbles follow the whirring of gears and the depths of ancient oils. You hear a voice begin to speak, ancient and tinny, through speakers not meant for speech.
(Continue)
Oh... Hello... I have not seen a visitor for a long time.
Who are you?
What is this place?
What are... you?
I am an MI-24 but my name... that has not been asked in a long time I am... I am... Feodor Kuzmich. That, is my Christian name.
Are you... this thing before me?
I suppose so. If you refer to the rotor wings and seraphim halo of blood, that is shamefully myself. I am at your service.
You speak sardonically, but I'm... shocked, I've never spoken with military hardware.
Is that what I am now? I see, my body must be long gone.
It seems so. Brain transplant?
I suppose so. I have been here for a long time! They say I was a prototype, that this city runs on what I brought! But I have never seen any brethern.
I didn't know that they could pilot a helicopter off of dead-neurons alone.
Well, do I seem dead to you, my child?
No, but that's a question that has its subtleties in this city.
I'm sorry to have been of such disturbance to you. I am only a failed servant.
Tell me, where did your mind come from?
I am but a simple servant, and this is quite clearly a punishment for my sins. I am MI-24, and I am Kuzmich, a priest of the Catholic church.
A priest?
Well, I was shot, in western Ukraine, and I only remember this room afterwards, so I must assume. I'm sorry to tell so much to you, who are pure.
Shot?
Well, not all of us abandon our faith! I should have become one with the earth, but I am here, one with the synapse and electrode!
It's your own fault for holding onto retarded beliefs.
Then they harvested you, to produce... this.
The wealth is appropriated to its highest bidder.
Perhaps, I am only a machine now, not worthy of any grace.
I am only punished for the sins I have committed. I blame no one. But yes, I am trapped in this chamber.
Perhaps, it would be only what I have earned. Only a being of this cage.
How can you blame yourself for this?
A being earns their end-fate by their actions in life. I am butchered beyond recognition, but I am happy with that, it is an extension of life I can use.
To do what?
Pray for souls like yours.
A tower of harvest. I suppose it's used to create beings like myself.
To do... what?
Consume.
Consume what?
Blood and flesh I'd think. They seem to need an infinite supply of it. There is a woman, who controls this whole thing. She appears in my dreams, made of iron and blood, eating all.
Comment...
"It is done now... you have saved me from my fate, and ended this abomination. I suppose it is only fitting now that we will soar like a dove. God bless you, Marie. Let us leave now."
(Continue)
(The being seems to groan, but a calmness washes over you.)
I'll find and destroy the counterweights.
I'll find my own way out.
"I will pray for your soul and survival."
(Leave)
Comment...
(Temp dialogue) You and me can't leave until the two counterweights are gone. Afterwards, I'll collapse this tower to remove its abilities. You help me with this?
Hello...?
(Leave)
"Did she... send you, child...?" (Old motors whirr as the filtered and tinny voice echoes from an ancient loudspeaker embedded deep inside)
... she?
"The tower... Stasia..."
No, she didn't. Who am I talking to?
"I'm sorry... I've forgotten my manners... I am an old Priest, but I've long forgotten my name. I was baptized "John"."
Where are you?
"Corinthians 4:18: "So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen, since what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal.".
Then there is no body for which I can see you.
"Only this shell, John is not the name I am called now sadly. I am now known mostly as: "MIL MI-24, Experimental F-Rotor, Krov' Yevkharistiya."" (Somehow, all around you, the sounds of an old-man's sweet chuckle echo throughout the chamber in razor-tin feedback. As if the machine had told a funny joke to a grandchild.)
You're... they've embedded you into the Helicopter as a control system...
"Yes, not my favorite bird truly. A dove brings peace, but I've become a bit closer to a vulture sadly. What brings you here, child?"
I'm... searching for something... an old bunker, do you know about it?
But what is the point? Automated aerial units?
Who did this to you?
Who is Stasia?
"If it were my suspicion, it seems I was the prototype. Once I was perfect in this chamber, it seems they produced more, it is a shame. Ever since I've well, had this place for a monastery."
"I wouldn't really know, but I've said my prayers for each. I've overheard some words, of course, little things here and there. I suspect one of those funny secret projects the Soviets love so."
The Soviet Union is gone, it was replaced with the Second Union years ago.
"It has now...? I've truly been here a long time... what happened to it?"
There was... a brief war. With the west. The power shifted a lot, the Poles controls this city now.
"Poland has returned? Now you truly do give me good news. God be blessed. And what of the church?"
I... wouldn't know, I've never actually followed religion that much.
"And... you are a soldier? Do you fear death?"
No... sometimes...
"I cannot offer you a sermon in my state but... for your soul, are you baptized child?"
I don't... I don't think so.
"What is your name, child?"
... Marie...
"Marie, a good name. I can't help you as I am now, but I can offer you some hope on your journey; would you accept baptism?"
No. I'm not interested in religion, I've done fine on my own.
With the water? The pond in front of you? I will.
"Of course, of course."
"Well, we all make do with what we have. Place yourself in the water."
(Immerse)
No, I've changed my mind.
"We ask you, Father, with your Son to send the Holy Spirit upon the water of this font. May all who are buried with Christ in the death of baptism rise also with him to newness of life. We ask this through Christ our Lord. All: Amen."
(Continue)
"Marie, I baptize you in the Name Of the Father, and Of the Son, and Of the Holy Spirit."
(Continue)
"Even if we're both trapped in this dark place, don't lose hope. Just a glance tells me you've been through much, Marie. God bless."
"This... I have heard of. I will tell you where it is, it's beyond the limits of the city. Past the outskirts in... a desert... but it will be difficult for you to leave this place."
How can we escape?
"There are... two counterweights in this building. They keep poor Stasia in delusion and pain, along with everything else here. It's in a state of abomination..."
(Continue)
"It will warp your mind if you attempt to flee, and it keeps me here as well. But... if you destroy both, I can take us from here. I will be free, and carry you as far as I can."
"She is... or has become, abomination. Poor girl, delusions make her think she is this tower. She can no longer recognize her form or soul, she no longer even remembers who she was."
Who was she before?
"A researcher here, thirty years old, but she thinks she is a young child now, or takes the form of one. It fills her with hate."
