What the fuck!? Who the fuck are you!? How the fuck did you get inside my apartment!?
Oh, sorry... The door was open, I wanted to check if you're alright.
The security on that terminal is pathetic. You need to set up a **stronger** password.
You are now an unwanted witness. Sorry it had to be like this.
I am alive and well, as you see.
I'll need to talk to my security guy about the door unlocking inself like that. Must be the spooks doing their spooky shit.
Now get off my fucking property before I turn you to minced meat...
Sorry, sir. I'm leaving.
You mocking a holy man, kid?
What are, you fucking posessed?
Get the fuck out before you end up like all the other spooks that entered my property uninvited.
See you, old man.
What? Fucking spooks, always coming here to die.
Try me.
I told you to get the fuck out! Now eat lead.
How about you eat shit instead?
What the fuck!? Who the fuck are you!?
Have you been tempering with my goddamn phone?
How the fuck did you get inside my apartment!?
Are you a fucking spook?
I'm with the telephone company. Unscheduled inspection. We had kids making prank calls from this area. It's bad for business
I'm with the CIA. Back off.
I was sent here by a shady guy to tap your phone. I think you need to know they are eying you.
I get ya. Fucking kids. Now get the fuck outta here.
Before I change my mind about letting you live.
Have a nice day, sir.
If you were standing on the street, I'd run you over.
Good ol' buckshot will have to suffice.
Like I fucking didn't know that! I've ran down a dozen of them just around the corner. Damn spooks always trying to steal my secrets...
I guess you were blessed by the Holy Spirit and saw the light. Want to help me kill that spook that sent you here?
I'd love to do something to get rid of the vermin.
That's against my code of conduct, you crazy fuck.
Here's what I want you to do then.
I know which fucker you're speaking of. The one under the irudescent glow of the street lamp.
As if he doesn't give off his own fucking glow.
I know what he wants. And I know getting him killed conventionally, like with the classic "ram the fucking car grille in his gut" technique, won't work.
This needs to look like an accident. Rig this device into the lamp he's always standing under.
Once you do that, come back to me and we'll fry the motherfucker. It will look like an accident.
I hope getting turned into minced meat in your code of conduct too!
I guess I don't have a choice. I'm on it.
Be right back. One deep fried spook coming right up.
Did you rig the thingmajig?
Yes, it is done.
The 'thingmajig'?
Still working on it.
Rig the divice I gave you into the lamp he's always standing under.
Ok, Get ready for fireworks!
3......
2......
1......
...
Thanks for the help. Now fuck off before I blow you up too.
Some gratitude...
Try me.
