Eh, who are you?
Just a traveller
Marie.
...
(Leave)
Yes!
Nice to meet you, Marie. It's hard to get names out of people these days.
Um...
(Leave)
More like a ghetto fanatic, why would you travel to a literal warzone? Are you some kind of parasite?
Parasite?
I like leeches.
(Leave)
Sorry, I meant "Western Journalist".
Pravda is hardly better...
The west has freedom of speech, unlike here, is truth parasitism?
(Laugh and nod)
(Leave)
At least Pravda is not being paid to lie, the writers starve just the same. It doesn't take anyone but a nearly illiterate serf to see it's fanciful.
You say, as a woman born outside of the Second Union.
What's it matter? A lie is a lie.
(Leave)
And you say, as a Pollack, trained to distrust anything that comes from the red lands. Truth is relative, but some lies are more honorable than others.
Lies are intent plus mistruth. The intent matters.
And you are not Polish?
What's it matter? A lie is a lie.
I am Russian. Probably.
So can I not say that you favor lies told by your people?
Maybe I should tell the guards nearby that a Russian slag is wasting their drink.
Calm yourself, I am no communist.
And how do I know you're not lying right now?
I am. Let me show you!\n(The woman begins to lift strands of hair atop her head, revealing it to be dyed. The roots are a dark auburn, like burnt ginger.)\nLies take many forms. Shall I pop out my false eyes next?
Changing your appearance isn't "Lying". That's like saying I would cease to be Polish if I wore a budenovka.
I think i see your point.
Yes, you should, I want to watch.
So looking exactly like the enemy of your people would not in any way harm your relation to them? How cosmpolitan.
Well you certainly don't dress like a communist.
I am not a communist, I am a Russian. These are shockingly not interchangable. Perhaps you fail to realize the second union is mainly composed of Afghans and churkas?
Did you dye your hair black to fit in then?
By your standards, the perception of your people hinges solely on material traits. Russia has been a red waste for years.
No, I just like black hair.
Russia died when General Wrangel lost the Crimea. Read Always with Honor you insolent chicken worshipping swine.
(The woman nods her head forward, removes her gasmask, and mimicks a sneezing motion. With a popping noise, her eyes fly from her cranium, dangling off of ancient dusty wires.)
What a show.
How came you to such a state? You're clearly not military, or surplus.
...
What? Like the biology of them, or do you mean figuratively.
The biology, their traits.
Yeah, they're interesting. They say that elements of leech biology inspired the creation of the earliest augs.
That's cool.
Who says that? I've never heard that before.
...
Well, I heard it when I used to... nevermind.
...
You know, they've found gears in nature? Planthoppers have them. It lets them jump high, they have "strong legs".
So what? I have gears in my legs, I don't make a big deal of it.
(You stare at the girls thighs, then look back to her face) "I imagine you sympathize then."
Oh, those? They're real. It's only my... face that's been... operated on. Well... sort of.
Funny. (The girl laughs).
How came you to such a state? You're clearly not military, or surplus.
A man named Mogol plucked out my eyes. He ripped off my lips with his teeth and kissed my gums and jaw bone. Then he made me a spine seller. That was their... modus operandi. Mutilate you, then enslave you with the promise of fixing you.
You're lying through the skin of your teeth.
I've heard of groups like this. It seems this city used to be a lot more wild.
And did you get everything back?
Does this... "Mogol" still operate?
Ah I see, you're one of those. You fetishize the pockmarked swamp land because it has the "right" to be owned by millionaires.
You're alright. Tell me, what is your name?
I imagine yours is hard to come across then?
What do you do here?
The contrary. The issue is I have a lot of names.
So who are you right now?
Probably Tito.
Tito isn't a woman's name.
Tito?
Then I'll be Svetlana, OKAY?
Sure. Nice to meet you.
Roll again.
...
Yes, my favorite king. He enjoyed anonimity, and to this day we're still not sure if his real name was even real.
Why did he lie about his name?
Tito was a communist.
Telling the truth doesn't make you the king of the largest unaligned power.
Yes, a communist who ruled the most stable and prosperous of the socialist nations... by being a monarch in all but name and getting kicked out of the comintern.
Yugoslavia was communism, just a different form of it. Dialectics dictate that such things will arise.
And look where that's gotten them. Their monarch died, now they kill eachother.
Communists will do as they will. They're all bloodthirsty tyrants in my mind, he was no different from Stalin.
As opposed to Stalin and The Chairman, who never killed a single soul to remain in power.
What do you do here?
(Leave)
Perhaps.
Bloodthirsty tyrant? Yes. Same as Stalin? Debatable. Stalin had better taste in architecture, Tito had better taste in guns.
Isn't that rather subjective?
Depends on your definition.
Okay, who do you want me to be then?
Anastasia
Catherine
My mother
Józef Piłsudski
(Back)
I cannot grow a moustache, though I will draw one on just for you.
I'm already an alcoholic.
I'm not that great.
So you want me to be shot by reds?
I'll be sticking with Tito, perhaps "Tito the Younger".
Or "Tito the Living"
Wrong, I don't have those anymore. I'm telling the truth through the silicone of my dentaplants. But honestly, doubting me is a good idea.
In the early days, before the PSR? It was a true bespredel, utterly lawless.
They gave me back what was good for spine-selling. A pretty face, innocent, and strong arms, for pulling out organs and mechs. Not my face though, which sucked. I was fairly homely before, I can't look into mirrors now.
You miss being homely?
I miss being me.
(She shrugs)
...
All I really want is to get my voice back. I left before I ever got my vocal cords back. I'm sure they're rotting in a jar somewhere.
Do you have any idea where those might be?
Spinesellers are still more common than even your average shylock. Money is an IOU, but your body? That's the one thing God has promised is yours. I know some still operate out of the docks, the Poles have no influence there yet.
I'm a propaganda artist. Everyone needs one nowadays. Well, I guess that statement is propaganda too isn't it?
Why is a propaganda artist in an active warzone?
"Field research", says the bureau. It's a lot better than my last job, that's for certain.
Your.. last job?
(The woman lifts her glasses to show you her obviously reconstructed face before popping a coy smile)
Why would a propaganda artist be augmented?
Comment...
