Mm, what do you want, you from the PSR?
No, I'm just passing through.
Do you know where the Planetarium is?
What is this place?
Who are you?
(Leave)
We don't get a lot of people through here, sorry. You looked like a cyborg.
I am, I think.
I'm not.
Why are you here then?
Some bartender told me to fetch him a lightbulb.
Aaah, Filemon eh? Careful around that guy. Let me guess, you woke up in his scrap room with a job to do?
Yeah, how do you know?
He's a softy, always makes a loss. He can't stand to scrap the live ones, weird complex he has.
Well, it used to be part of a domkulturi, house of culture, but the culture didn't exactly survive. We're being funded by the PSRs Urban Agriculture program now.
So you're trying to grow food in that pool?
The PSR pays you to work on this place?
Yeah. When we got here the locals were already trying to, but they were all enlightened scientists and aparatchiks. Turns out their schooling couldn't teach them how to do what a farm teaches a man for life.
So they defaulted to you?
Yeah, we shuffled out the guys from before, gave them back their jobs but in Warsaw, and brought in people who knew what they were doing. You want some potatos?
Jakub, nice to meet you, I get the privilege of a paycheque to farm a pool.
You could have fooled me with that face of yours, we don't get your kind back home.
What, you never saw a woman in your podunk town?
Are augments that rare?
Where are you from?
No, I just never saw an ugly one.
Well, you don't see them outside the military that much. Most people who have been "improved" are surplus, from the last war or the next one.
South-East Poland, but work calls and I got swept up with a battalion. Turns out I was good at making people unlearn Lysenkoism.
Yeah, there's a lot of programs like that. The locals benefit a little, but I don't think it makes them like us any more than they do.
Why's that?
Ethnic differences. No one wants to be ruled by a different group, and this whole area had Russians carted in during the SSR.
What are your thoughts on it?
The PSR or the locals? That's nonspecific. I like the PSR, it's stable, and the locals are fine enough when they're not shooting us. It's not something I think about much, I work a job, I send the money back home to my sister and her kid. People did this hundreds of years ago, they'll do it hundreds of years later.
Mm? It's to the north of this place, the big dome, you should see it off the ledge, pretty much unmissable.
