Oh, it's you again. You know, the elevator is still broken.
Still?
Just take the stairs, Kasia.
Yeah. I dunno. Nothing around here is working right. How are you today?
Well, I don't really want to.
Why?
Something on your mind?
There's a mouse.
... yeah?
It's in my room. I haven't slept in three days. I need some fresh air but, well, the elevator is down.
Well, there's stairs.
Yeah but, I, I don't really want to bother.
Well call the apartment manager then.
But what if he gets mad about that? I'm not good with phones.
It's his job.
Yeah but I would just embarrass myself, I don't want to be a burden.
You should just do it, I mean, again, it's his job.
No, I think I'll just stay inside.
With the mouse?
(She pauses for a second, looks back to you, to her door, and back again)... Do you have a gun?
I, what?
A firearm.
... yes?
Well, I, I need to sleep.
I'm not giving you a gun to kill a mouse.
No no I'm not asking for that, I'm not. I'm...not.
Then why did you ask?
I'm just on edge is all. Why do you keep asking me why I asked? Are you mad at me?
No, I-
Yeah I get how it is. I'm sorry, Marie, I didn't mean to annoy you.
You're weird.
It's fine, calm down.
You shouldn't worry so much about that, it's just a normal conve- well, it's just a conversation.
Just take the stairs, Kasia.
So you're not mad?
No.
Don't think bad of me, okay? I'm just on edge, I'm sorry.
Okay, okay.
(She looks at you, visibly heartbroken)
(Leave)
Well, it's raining outside and I dunno I just, I dunno.
They're just stairs, you have two legs right?
I guess, I dunno, I just, my dad died because of stairs.
I'm... so sorry.
No you don't have to be sorry, it's just life. He was one of those guys they paid to press the elevator button during socialism, but he had no legs, he got stuck on the top floor of a building and the elevator broke down. No one from the Union came for a week, by then he had already starved.
I... may his soul rest in peace, how did he lose his legs?
He fell down a different set of stairs. I like elevators. He used to take me to his job, since it was in our building, we'd just ride the elevator for hours.
... do you still do that?
Yes, I ride the elevator and read.
... how many times have you ridden the elevator since you got here?
Dunno, it's really fun you should do it with me sometime. I tend to go up and down in three or four hour sessions at night when I can't sleep.
No, no, I'm looking for a solid number here... elevators can only do about four thousand rotations before they break down, Kasia.
Is that a large amount, Marie...? (She stares at you)
(Leave)
